[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany,
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: In pop
culture, almost everyone
refers to a Galactic Federation.
Is there a Galactic Federation?
And if so, is that how
they refer to themselves?
>>TIM: So why the pop cultural
name of a Galactic Federation
is not being in use, other
than pop cultural terms,
I think there are a lot
of resemblances to it.
So we are talking
about a mindset being
that is at level
six consciousness.
When we're talking
about a mindset being,
that means that there are
lots and lots and lots
of different beings,
individuals, whole star
systems and groups
that are part of this.
So it is not like any
federation or alliance
we have on this planet.
It's more like a loose
compendium of different species
that dedicate
themselves to an idea.
So different species refer to
themselves as different beings.
But what we can see is
that when they communicate
with individuals or
groups of people on Earth,
they sometimes refer to
themselves as "Galactic
Federation" because
the subconsciousness
of the collective
memory of Earth
says that this is the term
that comes the closest to what
they are.
>>EMERY: What is level
six consciousness?
>>TIM: So we have different
levels of consciousness
that a being inside of the
universe can go through.
This is a model, and you
know all models are wrong,
but some are helpful.
So we use it to
determine on which
level of consciousness
the form or an individual
of the universe is.
So in level three consciousness,
we have conventional physics.
We have dualistic worldviews.
So the ego is going to
develop inside of a life form.
On the fourth level
of consciousness,
we have a more loose
structure to consciousness.
Beings realize that they,
for example, can enter time.
They also realize that
everything is connected,
that we all have individual
features, but we're all one.
So they have a different
approach, and that results
in a different kind of reality.
Because when everything
is one, it's clearly
that there are
different possibilities,
and it's easier to
harmonize things.
>>EMERY: How would you
describe that being
coming from the 4D or 5D?
What would that being
look like in the 3D?
If we went back to
the 2D, we're flat.
>>TIM: Yeah, this being
looks like everything we
see right now.
So the sixth level
of consciousness
is kind of the realm
of non-existence.
This doesn't fit to every
being that has a level six
consciousness, but we're talking
about a living life form that
yet has not a history,
which is the universe,
its kind of source.
But it has this level
six consciousness,
which is just void.
And what we from
this perspective
we are right now at,
we can experience this
being as everything that is.
So that is somehow the reason
why we could resemble it to--
relate it to gods or something.
>>EMERY: So does that
mean that we're all
connected through
that resonating being,
and maybe that's how telepathy
and stuff like that work?
How are they communicating?
>>TIM: We are all this being.
>>EMERY: We are all
the being, right.
>>TIM: Right.
But it's a mindset
being, which means
that it's created through
the individual decisions
that every life form
takes; every life form
as a consciousness unit
has the opportunity
to take several decisions
in the life span.
And once they realize
every life form
that they are responsible for
the way the universe turns out,
they automatically connect
to this kind of life form.
That's why I think we're talking
about the Galactic Federation,
because they are very beneficial
to the whole overall universe
and the process in which it
behaves and goes through.
>>EMERY: This sounds
like the Vedas.
You're talking about one source.
Is there any relation to that?
>>TIM: It is, absolutely.
So what we can find is that
the Vedic scriptures are a way
to describe this being or
this state of the universe
that we all will
experience at some time.
But it depends on
the decisions that we
take on the path of
evolution that we take.
So everyone who commits
themselves to this kind of life
form-- let's call it Galactic
Federation or whatever you want
to call it--
you take a decision
for your life
to be part of this
harmonious universe
that we are approaching to.
>>EMERY: In the Vedas, they
mentioned these blue gods,
these blue beings.
Now is there any
correlation with this being?
>>TIM: It's not only the Vedics.
So we have blue beings
all over the place.
You have in some areas
different images of blue beings.
So it has to do with the way
these beings communicate.
If you have a high frequential
being that reaches down
to a consciousness
unit that lifts inside
of a level three or
level four consciousness,
it compresses the frequency
of this vibrations,
and so things appear blue.
And different people
see different things.
So while I see them as some
kind of geometrical code
or some geometrical form,
some other people I know
have seen them in human
form as blue humans,
just as we have in the
Vedics, for example, when we
talk about Shiva and Krishna.
>>EMERY: How did this
Federation come to be?
>>TIM: So there's only one
requirement for membership,
and I have to clarify
that this is not
a coherent, official
democratic organization.
It is a mindset being.
And that means an
individual or a collective
has to make themselves dedicated
to the idea of a harmonious one
being universe that has
several individual and diverse
properties, but
it is all oriented
towards this unification
process of the universe.
And you don't even have to
know about this Federation.
So once an individual
takes the decision
that they want to
commit themselves
to this wonderful one
being harmonious context,
they automatically will be
drawn into this mindset being.
Because the end result is
still in a process, which means
we know we are on this
process, and it will 100%
turn out great.
But the way it turns
out and it's played out
is still up to the individual
responsibilities of everyone.
>>EMERY: What beings are
part of this Federation?
>>TIM: So it's a
natural process.
A mindset being means that
a natural force will combine
people and individuals
or even collectives
or whatever that is
that is dedicated
to this idea of a
harmonious single universe.
So you can either, for
example, have a yogi in Tibet
or something that has this
life-changing spiritual
experience of, we are all one
and we are all great and divine
beings.
And in that moment, he either
may transform instantly
or he may first die
or whatever that is.
There are multiple, multiple
realities and multiple options
there.
But he gets drawn on his path
and continuing this reality.
And it might take some time.
It might go faster if we all
commit ourselves to this,
but it also it could also take
some time to figure this out.
But in the end, we
will have this mindset
being come into reality.
>>EMERY: Tim, who rules
the Federation hierarchy?
>>TIM: So in natural
terms, there's
no real hierarchy because
they all commit to this idea
that we are one.
There in the process,
there are different beings
and collectives that still
experience hierarchy.
So as humans are, as Greys
are, as different species are.
But in the end
result, we're going
to have a one being
universe that is harmonious
and that sees worth
in every aspect of it.
But there is some
natural force that
brings the collective
or individuals together.
So for example, if an
individual is not as far
evolved to create its own
destiny and its own path,
but it's very dedicated to the
idea of a harmonious world,
then the structure
of the universe
is so that when the
soul, the consciousness
leaves the earthly body, for
example, it gets reincarnated
into some different aspect
and level of consciousness,
and that's what's
going to happen.
Some other beings
and collectives
are very engaged into this
process of bringing people
into this state, and we're
experiencing that right now.
>>EMERY: So what is their
involvement with Earth?
>>TIM: So naturally the
members of this Federation,
then they tend to
be non-invasive.
So an individual or a collective
must decide for themselves
and in their own process
to dedicate themselves
to this kind of universe.
Once we do this-- and this
is the reason why I gave out
the sentence, Earth
shift happily now--
that is mostly enough
to become part of this.
Others, they might want
to have the experience
and might take some more
time and might find pleasure
in a dualistic universe,
and that is OK too.
We will come to an
episode where we
were talking about
natural law and the law
that, for example, the
Greys are advocating,
which will speed up
the process a lot.
And we can see that
there are some forces
on this planet,
extraterrestrial forces, that
try to ascend humanity faster.
Because, to be
honest, people haven't
been prepared for way too long.
>>EMERY: So explain the methods.
>>TIM: So as I said,
the methods are
pretty non-invasive
because these beings
think that it's not right to
influence or to push a species.
>>EMERY: So there's no
right or wrong, right?
>>TIM: There's no
right or wrong,
and there are members
within this Federation
that are invasive, and
they are pushing it.
And we will come to that, and
the Greys and humanity they
are all part of this.
But some of the methods
have been more subtle.
Like, for example,
when the human race
was experiencing World War II.
You had the definition of a
dualistic centered worldview,
where parties are opponing
against each other.
And suddenly within
this realm, one doctor
found this component
of LSD quite late
because he was using
and experimenting
on that some time before, but
it still was in that time frame.
So unluckily enough, LSD
used to be the number one
catalyst for the
hippie movement,
for the movement of love and
united consciousness and stuff,
so it's super important.
And if everything could have
rolled out according to plan,
then the experience of World War
II wouldn't have been possible.
>>EMERY: Who represents
humanity or planet Earth
with this Federation?
>>TIM: It is a
homogeneous collective,
which means that either
individuals or collectives can
be part of this.
You can have unfortunately
or diversely,
we have some structures that
are authoritarian on Earth.
So there were beings,
for example, the Greys,
that have showed the
consequences of continuing
this deception that's
going on Earth.
And through that, lots
of people in charge
realized that it's necessary
to change something.
Because Earth still
is a collective memory
that needs to be shifted.
And unlikely as other
members of this collective,
of this Galactic
Federation, there
are authoritarian processes
within the ascension of Earth,
and this is why it took
so long for some species
to have this ascension.
>>EMERY: Who from Earth is
benefiting from this alliance,
since most of
humanity doesn't even
acknowledge extraterrestrials?
>>TIM: Well in the
end, everyone benefits.
The whole universe
benefits from it.
Because everything
in the universe
needs to go through this
evolutionary complex
and process to come to this
point that we are all connected
and to be harmoniously
living together
while individually keeping
up your preferences in life.
While there are
extraterrestrial forces that
interact with this planet, and
they have a very, very strong
will to ascend humanity
as fast as possible,
it doesn't necessarily need
to acknowledge the presence
of non-terrestrial beings.
So in another
timeline, one might
find that the
universe is connected
and the universe is harmonious
and loving in its structure,
and that is enough to
make this being six come
into place in another timeline.
What we are dealing
with right here
is a more challenging
timeline in a way
that there are systems
and species that
still want to remain the
dualistic world worldview.
That means that we
have to integrate that
into the overall process.
That also means that systems
that are already established
on this Earth cannot
easily be removed.
They need to be
transformed, and that's
what's happening right now.
>>EMERY: Could that shift
actually cause a war?
>>TIM: The dimension of
possible ways where it could go
are almost infinite.
The worst thing
that could happen
is a collective psychosis,
which means that people that
are unaware of the shift
because they are still
caught into this
kind of installation
and this process and thinking
of level three consciousness,
they will have a
hard time to realize
what's happening when
Earth is shifting
to level four consciousness.
Which means a lot of, for them
strange things will happen.
For example,
non-terrestrial beings.
And that and because, tick
tock, the time's running,
and that's the reason
why we have this Pentagon
report preparing people that
they soon will be together
with other beings.
>>EMERY: You said that there
was pressure and time that we
have to get our stuff together.
So when is that time,
in your opinion?
>>TIM: It is now.
Time is always now,
but the process is now
right in front of
everyone's eyes,
and everyone gets prepared
in a different way.
And globally as well that,
because there are also
structures on Earth
that are established,
and those people that benefit
from these structures,
they see and know the necessity
of preparing people for change.
But they still want to be on
the sunny side of everything
to keep the narrative.
There's something
that's very human-like
to the more things
seem to change,
the more they grab into that.
Which is basically
a lack of trust,
and trust is something that
is needs, A, experience,
and B, positive affirmation.
So there are structures
that right now
want to keep the narrative
as close as possible.
But there are also forces,
for example, the Greys,
that want to have the change
and need to have the change.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
these structures
when this transition happens.
Could you elaborate on
what is the structure?
>>TIM: Yes, so Earth
is a planet that
has several properties
that are a little bit
different to other
structures in the universe.
For example, we have to deal
with a warrior type structure
on Earth, which means that the
genetic encoding of a human
being allows certain groups
on this planet to evolve
into a warrior type species.
And that can go into a good
direction, which is something
that the Greys
want to elaborate,
but it also could tend to
go into a direction that
is self-destructive
to the universe.
And the natural law--
as you said, no good, no bad--
it means that
everyone has the right
to experience what they
need to experience.
So this overall process
that is going on right now
is very, very sensitive matter.
>>EMERY: What technology might
they be sharing with Earth?
>>TIM: So there are forces
in the universe that
keep an eye on this process.
This is why things are very
well-structured but they still
keep--
the free will of every
individual is still kept.
Which means the process
and the decisions
are forced upon everyone, but
everyone can still decide.
And this is, for
example, something
that the Greys have
an observing eye on.
If you're talking
about technology,
the normal proceedings of
this kind of natural evolution
in the universe, which affects
multiple dimensions, millions
of life forms, it's normally
not so much into technology.
It's a natural process.
And it's a natural
process that everyone
needs to go through when
experiencing their lives
and developing some kind
of spiritual connection
to the whole universe.
But on Earth, we have
a different situation
because there has
been some deception,
and there has been a model
and installation that
makes it really
hard for everyone
to have time to meditate,
to come to the realization.
Still, we have this force that
will lead Earth into a higher
frequency, into a part
of the universe where
Earth will experience higher
energy waves surrounding it.
So that's the
reason why we have,
tick tock, this
time thing going on
and everything is
rushed a little bit.
>>EMERY: How are we seeing the
influence of this Federation
on Earth today?
>>TIM: So one thing
that is going to happen
is when Earth enters a
full harmonious level four
consciousness, things
will turn out differently.
We already have
different physics
than the Earth had in
level three consciousness,
but we also have
different life forms.
And for example, the Pentagon
reports acknowledges that.
So they are
phenomenons going on.
And while the Earth is
protected right now,
those things will appear, and
they will affect everyone.
That is the reason why we
have this process right now.
And it's very, very
important to preserve
this being six or this
Galactic Federation
because this is the way
the universe will turn out
and will be a mutual
benefit for everyone.
Still on the way, we are
having some things that
need to be figured out,
but Earth is getting help,
and that's good.
>>EMERY: That is good.
>>TIM: And everyone
can participate
in that when they speak
their wishes into existence.
And one thing that everyone
was suggesting in the comments
was, all shift happily now.
>>EMERY: Well, Tim,
it's always a pleasure
to have you on the show.
>>TIM: Thank you
very much, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>>ANNOUNCER: Next, on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: How did
your relationship
with the Greys actually
develop, and when?
>>TIM: There were direct
meetings, which I assume
were set up by the Greys.
They have this kind of
metallic sound that they use.
They have these tablets, the
hieroglyphs, and the signs
that they use in
written language.
And on the other half, you
have the German translation.
[THEME MUSIC]